.TH BDSH "1" "January 2015" "v1.0" "BDSH"
.SH NAME
bdsh.sh \- A shell script that emulate simples features of a database.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./bdsh.sh\fR [\fB-k\fR] [\fB-f\fR \fIdb_file\fR] (\fBput\fR (\fIkey\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR) (\fIvalue\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR) | \fBdel\fR \fBput\fR (\fIkey\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR) [\fIvalue\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR] | \fBselect\fR [\fIexpr\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR] | \fBflush\fR)
.SH DESCRIPTION
A shell script that emulate simples features of a database.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-f\fR \fIdb_file\fR
Change the database file. Default is \fBsh.db\fR.
.TP
\fB-k\fR
Display the keys when you use \fBselect\fR.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBdel\fR \fBput\fR (\fIkey\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR) [\fIvalue\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR]
Delete the specified key. If value is not specified, key still stay, but without value. If key doesn't exist or value is not the good one, nothing happen.
.TP
\fBflush\fR
Empty the database. The file is not deleted
.TP
\fBput\fR (\fIkey\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR) (\fIvalue\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR)
Add a new key containing the specified value. If key already exists, it is erased.
.TP
\fBselect\fR [\fIexpr\fR | \fB$\fIkey\fR]
Display all the values that the keys match the expression, or every value if there is no parameter. The expression must be a regexp compatible with the \fBgrep\fR commande. If first character is a \fB$\fR, then the exact key will be searched, and only its value will be displayed.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
\fB0\fR
Sucessful program execution.
.TP
\fB1\fR
An error occured, and an error message is displayed on stderr.
.SH BUGS
.PP
No known bug.
.br
Report bdsh bugs to broggi_t@epitech.eu
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Written by broggi_t.
